Software Engineer - Cloud Infrastructure
at Celonis (View all jobs)
Munich, Germany
We're Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.
 
The Team:

The Platform Infrastructure team builds and scales the cloud platform that Celonis runs on, across multiple Kubernetes clusters and multiple cloud providers. You’ll get to sharpen your skills on the latest tech stack in the areas of DevOps tooling, CICD, Containerization, orchestration, and cloud infrastructure as code.

The Role:

Responsible for building and operating a highly available Microservices Cloud platform based on Kubernetes
Design, develop, test, and deploy scalable, secure, and highly available software using best in class technologies
Establish best practices and build tools to drive the use of CI/CD and the adoption of infrastructure/platform components by engineering teams at Celonis.
Automate operational tasks and infrastructure as code.
Monitor and manage our environments by integrating telemetry and observability into the platform. Maintain best practices around notifications and response processes.
Ownership of various components in a cloud-native landscape.
Implement DevOps infrastructure components and best practices. Deploy CI/CD pipelines across multiple environments.
The qualifications you need:

Bachelor or master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent practical experience
Experience developing/maintaining Cloud solutions in large Enterprise environments
Experience with at least one of the following cloud providers: AWS, Azure, GCP
Proficiency in Python, Go, or Java
Proficiency in *nix
Experience in building highly available, scalable, distributed systems in a Microservices based architecture
A solid grasp of development, automation, and monitoring tools and practices. With the tools that include Kustomize, Datadog, Terraform, Grafana, Ansible, Bash, GitHub Actions.
Hands-on experience with Infrastructure as Code, GitOps, CI/CD
Working knowledge of Containerization, network protocols, encryption, and security.
Experience operating Kubernetes clusters in production across multiple infrastructures.
Familiarity with working in an agile environment